[agent/kubernetes/tag] Document container labels as tags (#12659)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/tag.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Container labels as tags

> Starting with Agent v7.33+, the Agent can collect container labels and use them as tags to attach to all the metrics corresponding to the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Agent v7.33+, the Agent can collect container labels and use them as tags.  The agent attaches the tags to all metrics associated with the container.
```

> Both `docker` and `containerd` containers are supported. In the case of `containerd` the minimum supported version is v1.5.6 because previous releases didn't propagate labels correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Agent can generate tags from container labels for both `docker` and `containerd` containers. In the case of `containerd`, the minimum supported version is v1.5.6, because previous releases do not propagate labels correctly.
```
